Fix markdown bindings Q-S (#19027)
openhab/openhab-addons: bundles/org.openhab.binding.samsungtv/README.md

### artLabel

> `artlabel` is a String channel that receives the _intenal_ lable of the artwork displayed. This will be something like `MY_0010` or `SAM-0123`. `MY` means it's art you uploaded, `SAM` means its from the Samsung art gallery.

Reviewer: `intenal` is a typo of `internal`?

Author: ```suggestion
`artlabel` is a String channel that receives the _internal_ label of the artwork displayed. This will be something like `MY_0010` or `SAM-0123`. `MY` means it's art you uploaded, `SAM` means its from the Samsung art gallery.
```
